We'll come to that thing later on 1st.
For now,
I'll just go with the flow that has been
initially done and from there I'll next
I'll go to the first phase,
which is that is that is the onboarding
of the doctors syncing of profiles and
you know going from Hu to th that part,
OK.
So now basically if we start from here,
this is how it goes now considering you
know for a fresh doctor.
So right now I'll I'll come to that part
later on where Hu doctors come on to for
now just considering it's a fresh you
know login from the user side.
We again have those same things.
This this home page.
I have redesigned it again.
There's a different edition.
I'll show it later, but for now,
just for navigation's sake,
I'm going with this so.
This is how the home page is.
Basically we show what we offer,
we show the process.
Of going through the.
Of going through the the steps basically
of medical tourism and then we have some
testimonials and we call the hospitals
partners out here.
So this is how we do it.
Now the this would be the first home page
and then we get into the another main
navigation. There are the hospitals.
So now we have.
This is how it looks like.
We always have a featured hospital right
in the beginning, and whichever,
whichever has the highest ratings or the
top doctors based on that,
we kind of give a small snippet of that
featured hospital.
This is like an add banner kind of thing.
Things will change within this.
I've just kept space out here.
This is not really a design thing.
This is just so ARPANET suggested.
You know,
keep some space open for potential ads
and all to come.
So that is just that.
And then again,
we have our list of partners for the
hospitals.
Ideally,
a user would know look someone looking
for the hospital would go through the
list of partners,
get into it and this would they would see
like basically what that hospital is.
So out here we have just an example.
Medicare Hospital we have the information
we have their.
Booking process.
Popular treatment options within that
hospital.
Another you know, three USPS.
Again, this is an add banner.
Uh, you you have multiple, you know,
filters,
which you can go through into in order to
search for your correct treatment.
We also have an R history,
kind of a deal with, you know,
video slots and images.
Our specialties in treatment,
what is that specific institution famous
for in terms of treatment?
So we do that as well and since this is
medical,
you know it's it's a medical tourism side.
We're focusing a lot on actual
photographs of doctors and the hospital
itself.
So we have kind of a gallery gallery
section out here to show various kinds of,
you know, treatments and things that,
that, that the hospital provides.
We also have a little snippet about the
city that the hospital is situated in,
like a map address or something because
people are coming from far.
To a certain country in order to get
treatment,
Yeah.
they should know what that country or
that city has or what it is.
This layout of the website I'm saying
this is actually aligned to the original
Pardon.
layout that we agreed upon.
I just had a question on on the homepage.
Hmm.
So let's say let's take an take a
hypothetical situation of someone being
sick in one,
and that person probably has a heart
Hmm.
related issue or.
Hmm, OK.
A kidney related issue and when they land
on the homepage,
let's say they've Googled.
Best heart surgeons in India or Best
Heart surgeon in Delhi or how to take
heart this thing organically someone
searching.
Hmm.
So what is it that our home page answers
that?
Or has so that people actually land up on
our website and then rest of The thing is
more navigational, where people start to.
I'll try through keywords OK.
So from that I have a second version of
the homepage.
As I said,
the homepage is not actually what I had
Yeah.
in mind.
So this would be the redesigned homepage.
So basically I'm trying to add more
things out here so that through,
OK.
as you said, via keywords,
they're gonna be coming on landing onto
this page right when they search for the
specific keywords.
So somewhere within within this area I
can put in like specialize in.
So Isma, as you said,
related to cardiology,
may probably he can go through it or it
can land here because if if it's if he's
going very specific,
then we'll land him directly onto a,
you know,
a specific hospitals or the most
recommended hospitals, cardiology section.
Yeah, yeah.
So the because the based on my
discussions with Arpan and I think it's
similar because Arnab,
you were also part of those discussions
Mm hmm.
in the home page has to tell them that,
OK,
India is a great destination for any
disease that you have.
Hmm.
You probably might want to.
Talk about cosmetology and aesthetics as
well.
Mm hmm.
Other than that,
then when he comes on the home page,
he should be able to see successful.
Cases of or successful case studies of.
No, not.
So The thing is, we might not be able to,
you know,
exactly give all the keywords for them to
land on the home page.
I'm not sorry, sorry.
I was not telling you to do keywords,
but probably from a messaging or what
positioning standpoint that the person at
some point in your on your home page
should be able to see examples of such
happy customers.
People who have come from far off.
Hmm.
And they were able to get their treatment
done other than testimonials, or however,
Testimonials yes.
maybe one card carousal kind of a thing
where people see that. OK then then.
Somewhere on the home page it should be
able to tell that it's up end to end.
Full support, kind of a company.
It's not something where we are just
telling you, OK, OK.
We'll be a bridge between you and them,
but probably if you just want a if you
Hmm.
want consultation.
If you want somebody to talk,
if you want some help on planning your
itinerary, if you want.
Hmm. See The thing is Richa,
we we have that thing of.
You know you. So we do.
That's why we have another I I wanna say
player another another user called the
Medical Coordinator.
So once a person gets into those search
bars and all of a hospital and all and
searches first thing, once he's ready for,
you know,
Yeah.
of of a booking or a consultation or
something,
we'll assign him a medical coordinator.
Who would then actually assist him in
exactly what he needs so,
Yeah.
but that that part, I don't know.
That part,
I think it's a little far off right now.
I'm still trying to, you know,
streamline the coordinator part, doctors,
hospitals, that is understood.
OK.
Onboarding doctors, onboarding hospitals,
having the treatment options,
those things are clear.
But there is a there is like which part
do we exactly pay for medical
coordinator's help?
Or is it something which we can give free
for once and then they resume paying for
it?
I'm a little.
I yeah,
that is something that we can probably
initially for the first something we
might nominally charge for that person
because he's a cost or we build that cost
up in our overall package irrespective of
Hmm.
that that needs to be because language
itself is a barrier, someone who.
Coming from interiors of Africa might not
even be able to speak English so.
Mm hmm.
So for yeah for that for that we have
something.
So in a in a specific hospital because
you said of course medical,
Yeah.
tourism and language becomes a barrier,
right.
Sometimes.
So we kind of for when a person,
this is what what I came into.
So when a person gets into the hospital
page and he goes,
we directly don't connect him to us.
The doctor first we get a basic inquiry
information from him that is.
Yeah.
Describing the basic medical condition.
So this all this data is actually for the
coordinator, not not the doctor. Huh.
Yeah, I'm just. Yeah, I'm just.
For the coordinators.
But all of I see.
I'm also able to just see many parts of
your.
Those were the thoughts which I I'm just
validating with you that they've gotten
captured here.
Secondly,
the person should be able to filter
hospitals or doctors based on either the
disease or his preferred city sometimes.
Sometimes, after recommendation of their,
the Doctor Who's handling them there,
they say they might say that, OK,
you only go to Chennai.
That's where you will get the best
service. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that.
So that's why we have we have these
filter sections out here basically.
So it it'll geographical locations like
experiences of the doctor's roles,
the expertise,
and maybe there might be a language
change out here,
but we would we will give them multiple
Yeah.
filters so that they can pinpoint based
on geographical location based on doctors
based on treatment options and based.
On specialties that a doctor might have.
Yeah.
OK, so based on that,
only he gets into a certain.
He gets the, you know, list of hospitals.
Ticket and.
It populate populates based on that and
from there once he books out here for the
medical coordinator,
we grab some information that is the
basic medical condition estimated budget.
Yeah.
And regarding the languages local
languages known of where I'm going.
Local languages of the location that I'm
trying to go, so select language is known.
Yeah, yeah.
Common spoken languages in that country,
whether I need a translator or not,
I can actually ticket out here.
So then probably,
you know translating service or something
can be provided.
Still, I'm a little sketchy on that,
but I feel this is something which is
Yeah.
needed.
We people might need services over
translator now whether we put that
headache on the hospital's head or we
OK.
kind of provided ourselves,
I'm not really sure on that.
That is a bus.
Decision probably you guys can take it.
Are you coming alone?
We take that information as well,
whether that person is arriving alone.
If there are people. So in this case,
since the answer is yes,
enter details of people coming with you.
So we kind of so we so based on all this
information,
if I'm booking for someone else also the
inquiry form opens for some,
some other person based on this.
Once I submit this thing kind of comes up
where our hospital coordinator will get
in touch with you.
Again,
this is a language thing where you wanna
keep it.
Medical coordinator or hospital
coordinator.
Yeah.
It's it's like business choice.
We'll get in touch with you within 48
hours after reviewing your request.
'Cause,
we will give some time to the medical
coordinators to get the plan ready.
Plan as in quotation and a medical
itinerary and all those things.
So out here we have mentioned metric
coordinator will assist you with medical
Yeah.
consultations, scheduling your trip.
And getting a quote.
After that I drop into this main,
but I won't show this now.
One second.
First I want to show like.
I want to go to the main navigation.
After that I'll show like what happens
when a person actually goes through the
process.
So first navigation was the home page.
Then we we have the hospitals,
hospitals itself.
Then we have the doctors.
Again, it's the same, same, same design,
but out here it is.
The focus is on the doctors of that
specific hospital, so featured Dr.
this person affiliated hospital,
this hospital.
So it's like vice versa,
I can go in via doctor search for
OK.
hospital or via hospital search for
Doctor User's Choice again and we have.
Yeah.
Top doctors,
top rated doctors and all things.
Again,
this this is another major part of it now
from here also I can go to a doctor's
profile.
Now this doctor's profile is treatment
dot hospitals doctor profile, not H use.
Right.
So, but it could be the same thing. Also,
when Hu guys port out here,
all that information carries.
But I think this could be a replication
of the profile page that you have on.
Replication,
but there are certain few changes.
You answer like the rating and all.
I I would also say that probably what
I've seen on other global websites is
Hmm.
that if either hospital or the doctor.
They generally give out a range of
treatment, like money, once in dollars.
If you are let for it,
it just generally disease specific.
Let's say if someone's coming for a
kidney transplant.
So what is the kind of money that he
should expect?
Shelling out only on his treatment,
not stay, not travel and all?
But it's a range is mentioned.
I think one of the biggest deciding
factor is also that.
So range matlab.
So out here $400 is really you're saying.
This is basically why.
Why I'm telling you this is because Arpan
wanted to play on.
All these Madonna's Portis and big
hospitals of the world,
they have their own medical touts who are
sitting in that country and sending
people to them.
So but smaller hospitals like Columbia,
Asia but were big enough to handle
international tourism but do not have the
probably the.
Money and the mind to market themselves
to overseas.
Structure. They don't have actually, huh?
So then the only advantage of such such
hospital,
not that they have a star rated doctor,
but they have equal treatment kind of or
equalent kind of capability.
However they can offer you a better
pricing as compared to these five star
hospitals.
So.
So playing up on the price.
That hum such there will have to come,
but.
I am the cheapest.
I I charge you the lowest.
But what we can say is that you know
something like this in a London in a in a
Nene. Ha.
Europe or a US would like, let's say call.
So you're saying we,
we are justifying the price by giving
That's right, you are.
some sort of comparison compared to this
compared to this treatment in $50,
Then let's say I treat my leg this way.
Would cost you $100,000.
000 a $100,000 but in India?
Yeah, but in India,
and especially with people like us,
it is probably 20,
000 or something like that, so.
Tofir tofir yejo yeja bolio.
That's good.
I think we should add this in the
hospital's profile in in case of
treatment or hospital,
so when we get into the main hospitals
page of a specific hospital,
then I guess we can.
Oh ****, this link got broken.
So in in this page somewhere out here.
Or near their popular treatment options,
we can.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Generally, yeah.
We can give that state statistic that
what you are talking about key.
That's what I saw in most of the websites.
They they had it along with that,
probably good to have kind of.
I'll tell you how I'll do it.
I think instead of keeping a separate
section i'mlod, I's like so.
So this is the doctor, right?
Doctor, this this side may feature.
Yeah.
You must have seen it.
The same thing happening in Hu right
where we the first booking consultation.
Yeah.
Now below that we have something called
Doctor Specialties.
What that specific doctor's specializes
in? So out here? Meh.
If I hover over cardiology,
I'm getting a little bit more information,
Yeah.
no?
So out here I can put that range thing
which you are mentioning along with the
basic information.
I can also put a range thing and then
inquire now so that when a person hovers
over any specific specialty,
they will get to know, OK, OK,
cardiology treatment in us.
Generally comes to this much that,
but this treatment in India at this
Yeah.
location would cost you near about this
much.
Yeah, that's the idea.
So in.
All right.
I just just one second.
I PEN paper that.
Just one second.
I just.
Show this.
And also just a general medicine,
whatever,
when you're talking about specialty?
Another thing that that was there was and
I.
I would need some help.
I would need some help from you guys for
some things.
That is the speciality.
That if you could lift them up.
Specialties and treatments like how.
What is the exact categorization like
like even I can do it but probably you
guys would have a better grasp.
Yeah, ideally arnab.
Yeah,
ideally because they're trying to pull
people to a specific country.
Ideally,
what would make sense is without with his
qualification and his speciality,
et cetera, if he could generally have,
because then generally have X number of
surgeries conducted. So what?
Especially even we were if we were to
look for a doctor, we would say, OK,
I want to go to a gynecologist who has at
least delivered.
1000 babies and that.
OK,
you're talking about those those meter
those number meters,
which runs like in this for this specific
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but yeah.
doctor, he has conducted 445 surgeries 3.
So he has about X number of years of
experience, etc.
Because other than that,
because he's a surgeon.
Because he's if you go for second
opinions also like most of the people for
Hmm.
that prognosis might not actually come
for a treatment,
but might want to take our opinion so.
Then they say expertise surgery.
Then they say OK, X number of years.
And X number of things done done
successfully.
I'm talking of low end diseases also like
hernia, prostate and all that.
Track record you want.
Basically the doctor's track record to be
Yep, Yep. Yeah, yeah.
mentioned here. Wow.
And that has to be done upfront.
So that will come pretty much on the top
only after this only.
I'll put that band of tracker tracking
numbers and then the web team can
Yeah.
probably make it make it like it it
whenever we come in,
we kind of tracks from zero to 100 or
whatever the.
Number counter moves.
It's it's something which is already
present.
It's OK, I understood.
So all right, based on that, yeah.
I'll do this few changes out here.
Making sure that the doctor's track
record is also shown along with the price
range of the treatment compared to other
first world countries.
Yeah.
So yeah, again.
So doctors out here specialties and then
we have some doctor videos.
I mean any kind of media because again,
tourism, medical,
tourism people need to see actually what
goes on in the specific place.
So you would need lots of videos and
photos of of to make people confident
enough to come.
And then we have some testimonials and
out here that's pretty much it.
Come on.
I had a question here for this profile.
Booking.
So in this profile,
let's mention that this doctor is a part
of health and via text cancer and so is
that's why we have given an option for
video consultation or it's there for all
the doctors profile here.
In treatment dot Hospital also I mean who
are not a part of health.
So we have.
We have that.
We have the, so we're keeping it separate.
I don't how exactly you guys want to
merge this,
because then it would become very
confusing.
Yeah, because, yeah. Then yeah, exactly.
So either we should not give at all
because there will be doctors who are not
the part of health unwired and they're
just on this platform only, I mean.
So. So that's why.
That's why this is only for doctors who
are on who, who for.
OK.
So for this specific example,
I'm I'm showing you a Doctor Who is there
Thank you.
on Hu.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sorry the.
So that's why that that disclaimer is
there. If it's for a fresh doctor,
he will not get a disclaimer.
But irrespective of everything,
they will all have the option of a video
consultation because that is something
which we are giving,
OK.
most probably a person is gonna
physically come to a country only after
they have some sort of assurance from the
doctor.
Mm hmm.
Ki Aaja may come to my place and we we
know how to, you know,
So.
Then OK.
take care of you guys, huh?
Then I have another question.
Then they the softest,
who are not there on issue.
No, no, no.
You're connected.
I've kept that separate.
I kept that separate.
Yeah. OK.
I don't know Arpanas talking about
merging.
Arpanas talking key doctors will only go
from Hu, huh?
No, no. Yeah, obviously we have to merge,
but I just had a question regarding this
But but I'm keeping that option open
because the initial initial requirement
video consultation.
OK.
of this project was separate.
Recap their treatment,
hospital and Hu is gonna be completely
Yeah, yeah.
separate, right?
That was the initial requirement,
but then the merging discussions happened
Yeah. Yeah, no.
and which is OK but.
So this is based on the previous
discussion, right?
Despite the book,
we do consultation this item,
Hmm, but I feel key for the new No,
no for new one.
it shouldn't be there.
Also should be there because I don't want
to club the consultation part like this.
Is this this video consultation is
different from what we are doing in Hu?
You know.
It's it's an actual consultation,
so I I I maybe the language language out
Mm hmm.
here is wrong.
It would rather be like some it's it's
Yeah.
for this part.
This is not exactly a consultation.
It's more like a clarification that the
patient is taking from the doctor.
No.
It's like a **. ***, he's.
He's asking some questions.
He's he wants the doctor to justify him
coming to that country and taking the
Hmm.
treatment.
So it is for that.
Maybe we'll have to change the way we are
putting it to.
Because from here,
because from here we are not in Hu Ya has
a doctor sees everything and then gives a
prescription and all right issues aspects.
Play me a song.
But out here we don't have this issue
prescription thing because out here the
Yeah.
deal is making the person come to the
actual.
Physical place.
No. Yeah, exactly.
But yes, there is another thing.
There is another thing which I which
Arpan has said key.
Doctors will generally not be on this
plot platform if they are not part of a
Hmm.
institution.
So treatment dot hospitals main
onboarding rule is you come with your
OK.
medical institution,
whether it's a brand name like Clinicals,
OK.
Columbia or Fortis or whether it's a
small clinic multi specialty clinic or
whatever that you have,
you have to come with an organization.
Hello.
All the doctors that will.
OK.
Be porting from Hu to th.
Those will be the doctors who are coming
to th not only to add their profile there,
but to also add the institution's profile
there.
The institution that they are a part of.
No, no.
Because we want that hospital database to
get created. But this consultation thing,
yes,
I can understand what you're trying to
say also, but.
I think we'll have to discuss.
Yeah,
we'll have to discuss it also next year.
But there has to be a consultation thing
now whether you want to keep it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, we can put it in a different way,
but it shouldn't be like this I think.
And that would be concluding because
there will be other doctors to how will
you give that option there?
Hey, Doctor Kathered, it's it's.
We can't give it no.
But isn't that something that he needs to
manage at the back end?
Because who?
Front end for the party.
Whether they take a consultation from.
Hospital or we they take from eventually,
though,
the only thing that we'll have to think
about is because here hospitals will be
Hmm.
at play and we are not pushing an
individual doctor,
Yeah.
but we are asking them to go through the
hospital.
Hmm.
So the deal has to be with the hospital.
Mm hmm.
It might be wiser to keep it separate
away because you will have a month end
reconciliation with the hospitals now.
And doctors out here would be more
towards not giving you your exact
treatment, prognosis or whatever.
Because they are trying to bring out here,
when you come on a visit,
video consultation with a doctor here,
he's basically telling you to come to the
location and get physically treated.
That would what the discussion be about,
but in Hu,
it's like tell me your condition.
I'm gonna be issuing prescriptions and
all that.
This video consultation terminology.
So maybe we'll have to change the
terminology and we wish when it does.
Yeah, probably it's not.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Call it book a video consultation,
or rather wanna talk to someone or
something like that.
Like we'll give the patient some kind of
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
option.
But we would out here first priorities
Mm hmm.
want the patients to come through a
hospital.
No, no, no, exactly.
So that that is how we would ideally want
them. So from doctors, I'm just,
I don't thinking key will not take a
payment here or we will take a payment
Also yeah.
here.
I or or we will.
Only thing this should be a separate
section for payments in a written.
Yeah, that payment is different.
I have two payment sections,
so this is just for the appointment.
Thank you. OK.
Now my question to you guys is whether
this video appointment.
Yeah, will not go with that because yes,
for the quotation for the actual thing
and all,
there's another plan that we are doing.
This is just to get into the payment
thing,
get the payments cleared for the
consultation.
So again, see Tele consultation.
I think this form you guys have seen it
the same form with just a design change.
Yeah, yeah.
Teleconfigration consent form for medical
consultations.
So it has a bunch of disclaimers and all
patient's thing,
and then it submits again.
This is exactly same design,
just with TH components.
Based on that I get a feedback and some
other things and then I get into my main
profile, but through hospitals. If I go,
there's another.
That's why I was just thinking like we
have H2 also to maintain and then we have
the pH records also.
Because if we club those both to,
I think Shankar.
So that's what I was asking.
Yeah,
because we have the consultation part.
Shankar.
Yup. Yup.
Yeah, you you tell.
Now, feasibility wise,
keeping things these things separate.
Are are you OK with,
like clubbing everything into one place?
Like which would ideally get, you know,
kind of confusing.
Of course.
Like it will be quite convenient.
Technically.
Technically you can tell us like whether
it's feasible or not.
Right now, for whatever we are seeing,
right?
So this these are minor things when it
comes to complex like for example
maintaining the records of both,
you know doctors with the patient on the
different platform whether we want to
merge with them.
So that will be quite complex.
It's yes, it's doable,
but it it is like quite complex.
So that's the case.
For example, let's say.
You know.
Was also saying whether the doctor has to
be shown to the things,
so importing that details to here that
direct importing things is not a big deal.
But when it comes to from here to there,
like from the hospital to issue or the
Hmm.
vice versa, that would be.
Bit complex, yeah.
What is your suggestion keep?
To drink,
I not feel that now that treatment dot
hospital,
there's nothing called treatment dot
hospital.
Now it's an extension of X-ray.
It's just another part of extension of Hu.
So why we have all the like,
you know the color and design everything
like you showed me a scar thread the
video consultation so so it shouldn't be
different.
It has to be exactly same like we have on
issue, right?
So it is 4 separate documents.
It will be confusing for us and yeah.
No, I mean we are.
We are keeping.
I mean The thing is.
So there was a reasoning behind this like
we are keeping this flow a little
separate because we want the patient to
know, OK.
He's on the treatment or hospital
platform at that point of time.
If he's jumping from Hu to th.
So we for that significance only,
we're keeping things.
I think we'll have to discuss this also
with that whether we are keeping this
name that it's th or just we're we're
gonna call it Hu treatment or something
He has already.
like that.
He has already agreed to this logo.
Basically this th logo treatment hospital,
OK. OK. Because.
it's.
Then, because the thing with this is,
then it's all separate branding and
everything that comes with this.
I mean it's it's separate branding,
but again it comes like like how practo
has its proacto normal for users and then
you have like practo corporate rate
Thank you. OK.
corporate method,
it might be a little different in a
design wise.
Other places also do it.
So it's it has the name like the name
tactile there also.
So that's what I was thinking rather than
th it should be like something that has
Hmm.
issue also something like that.
So because I'm clubbing this entire thing,
keeping exactly Hu design would be
confusing for the user because they would
not know.
No, no design, I said. Fine.
Just a logo thing and all.
I mean that that that for me. No, no.
The logo thing also not like he won't
know.
He's so a patient might get confused.
'cause he's.
He went there to search for just a
consultation which Hu provides.
Please.
But then somehow he lands up on the
hospital section and like patients,
users normally make a lot of navigational
mistakes when they go through the the
websites and all.
So they he might not notice.
He's on a different portal right now.
Or it's it's the assisting portal,
not the main thing that he wanted to know.
Do so he might not recognize everything
remains the same.
Yeah.
That's why I've kept things a little
separate.
But it's OK, right?
Like,
as long as we have the ability to send
them from Hu to th and then vice versa,
we can keep certain things separate,
right, the design wise.
And it also has a separate login right?
So.
Because now logins again,
Shankar should let me know like user side
No,
I mean ideally should not have a separate
say what are we deciding?
login.
I have created it but I want Shankar's
input into this also like. What are his.
What would you say Shankar like?
Like just to confirm here,
will there be a same patient if there is
Hey.
a new patient than that we need to log in
for this?
A new patient or a new patient.
But then as Arpan said, new patients,
Yes, it is required.
they're never going to land into th
directly.
OK.
They are.
They will go to THY Hu only.
Hu OK.
I'll show you one second in this merged
design map. So see, this is how Hu is now.
Yeah.
So probably out here somewhere we can
have the so out here in the redesigned Hu.
Man, I've added one section for th.
So maybe you can add a button on the main
navigational so I don't know.
OK.
So from out here probably we can send you
know them, OK, the alignment either. OK.
OK. Out here.
We basically have a section for treatment.
Hospital.
So presenting treatment,
hospital looking for affordable onsite
medical care. Let us handle it for you.
This, this,
this and then explore more may probably
send them to the th part and if they
So just just to confirm here that see for
example if I'm a new patient and I wanted
login.
to have a things.
So if I come to th platform,
so then whether I need to create return
user account on the th or via treatment
hospital sign up there same.
If I'm I what I'm thinking is if if I'm
already a registered member of Hu,
Details will be approving.
then th may I can directly go with those
same credentials with the same
Hmm.
Yes, with the same credentials.
credentials I have to register my cell
phone.
Yeah,
but there also do I need do we need to
show the your login or directly from
whenever the user is log in clicking on
log in to the hedge it redirects to the.
No. For user let him jump.
Let him jump directly into the TH profile.
I mean th his th, you know view.
OK.
Can't be like legs, listen.
'Cause like we don't want the users to
again and again like log in right?
See, I'm just having this question.
Mm hmm.
If he's logged in,
if he's if in the back end, we know, OK,
You know.
he online on Hu,
we give him a button like beside join our
community or somewhere where he can jump
into the th dashboard th portal.
Mm hmm.
And then he does whatever he wants.
OK.
I have two questions here.
Yeah, got it.
So so I have two questions here.
So for example, if I'm an existing user,
so.
Existing Hu user.
We can use the same login when they click
on Hu.
We can use the same credential if you are
a member of the.
We can log into th if you are a member of
Hu, that is fine. If I'm a new user,
Uh ah.
let's say I'm a new user.
I'm a new patient and clicking on to the
Oh.
TH to.
Wanted to know more information or create
an account in th whether I need to
Ha ha.
redirect to Hu to create an account.
If that is not the case then we can have
it on login, there's no problem.
OK.
I'm kind of blanking in this area.
I think I need some help from you guys on
this.
OK, Arnab, I think.
How how are you guys?
How are you guys planning to handle this
login part of of users Doctor?
Oh.
1.
I think I know I have created that flow
for users.
Yeah.
Are you gonna send them via Hu to th?
Keep it, keep it exclusively.
And I believe should be wirection because
because treatment on hospitals is nothing
Now I'm saying the logins.
but yeah log in log in has to be just one
means if anybody want to use that you
know.
A feature or like that service that they
want to go directly for the treatment,
but they will land on that page like
treatment.
Again,
they have to log in on Hu only because
it's more like a feature of Hu, right?
So they need to know that Hu is the brand
and this is the service provided by H.
One H is the main thing.
So they can go and check our video
consultation, you know,
services also like whatever we are
providing so.
Hannah,
let's just think about it a little bit,
Tanya.
Let's just think about it a little bit
Sure. Yeah.
because this person is what you're saying.
Makes sense.
But consider that that at that place he's
not going to go there for treatment at Hu.
They're basically trying to take an
opinion from an international Dr. here,
Yeah.
considering to come to India.
Hmm.
For us,
so ideally it does make sense to have
login via SU,
but I it does not make sense to go and
No.
dilute the message there because there
only they actually there only getting
video consultation.
Here it is much more than it is at
hospital level. Why you.
Can have a.
Yeah, I agree, Rachel.
That's what I said.
I just said that the login should be
saved and this can be like separate thing,
but the login should be same.
Yeah, but what?
How does it matter?
And Shankar, this is a question for you.
Not for Tanya,
but maybe what looks outward is a is a
form where people are actually
registering on treatment dot hospital,
but at the back end the form is being
fetched at Hu only the parent company.
So I'll basically what I'm trying to say
is take example of Zomato.
So you have a separate you log into
Zomato and then you get.
You basically are logged on to district.
Also,
you are logged onto their other websites
also,
so eventually every data is going to the
parent company only.
So if we have a formula which is taking
the information but actually getting
Yeah.
merged into the master database,
how does that matter?
See that thing we can do?
See how what uh,
Zomato and District does is like before
logging in.
When they click on when they submit the
what is a number or an e-mail in the back
and what happens is like we we gonna
search whether the existing customer is
there in Zomato.
So with that validation of the number,
they gonna search it.
Oh, there is a user in Zomato,
so we wanted to import the details.
That's what the procedure goes, OK?
The log in process will be from the
district itself.
Why log in?
He gonna enter with number and we're
gonna search in the database whether the
user is there in the Zomato or not.
Once the user is found in the Zomato,
he gonna import the same details.
In this thing,
so that process we can do it.
That process we can do it if you follow
the same log in.
And then let's say that if you if by the
number the he's not able to fetch through
the matter,
then we ask him to create a new profile.
But that profile can be created on
treatment also, no.
Yeah, the both lies to the master.
You know database itself that we can do
it, yeah.
Yeah. So that's what I'm thinking.
So in that scenario we need separate
logins then right?
Yes, yes, yes, that.
Yeah, even if it is looking different,
but eventually at the back end everything
Is.
is getting merged together only.
Yeah.
For doctors,
I the confusion was for patients,
for doctors.
Jessica,
there is a Hu unique member code they can
add right from which it fetches and
basically things get synced, sort of.
But we are also again there are majorly
independent doctors are much lesser.
We are doing it at the hospital level and
then the hospital creates profiles of its
doctors.
Yes. I mean, yeah, the hospital on boards,
Play me a song.
Yeah.
But we will.
The Doctor will still have his own,
you know, dashboard,
like how he does in Hu, right?
Like where he can add new stuff.
Tell me the owner who was there,
but can you're there?
The doctor is coordinating directly with
us here.
The hospital will coordinate.
He will create the profile of the people
and probably the hospitals will manage
Hmm.
their profiles also not the doctors.
No,
but doctors will have their dashboards as
well.
Hospitals will, of course,
have see in this case this is a doctor
Yeah.
dashboard for treatment dot hospital for
th.
So it shows his linked hospital and gives
some overviews but like not much actions
but he can see some upcoming appointments.
Hello.
Scheduled login is those same things
which are there in Hu with minor changes
and he can jump onto to his Hu dashboard
and th dashboard and vice versa.
From there,
this is how the doctor's flow starts,
basically. But for patients,
I haven't really given that.
Yeah.
But Shankar, like patient,
can we do something?
Let's also think about it a little bit.
I've I in the initial stage of the
Shankar you guys had given patients also
Yeah, sure.
have unique member codes, right?
Now patient doesn't have a unique member
code, only only the doctor.
No, patient doesn't have no.
Then in that case,
Oh, OK. Pier.
if we this case will might need that now.
A cha cha. No.
I thought that for a quick sign up.
Like he's already a part of ahu like he
just wants to go to th and have a profile
Yeah.
again, telling him to fill up all his,
give his photo, give his name, number,
address and everything instead.
Of doing that,
if he gives his unique number or patient
Hello.
code,
I don't it automatically fetches and.
We can do is like whenever the he's no,
no,
Who is it keeping it separate than me
that?
the weekend something due like this is
like whenever we found the e-mail ID and
he's logging right so we give a pop up
whether he's there in the.
Hu.
So if that is the case,
he gonna click on check box or something
like that then all the details it gonna
fetch it and.
No, no. If he if he's there in Hu,
it will never happen because patients are
Should.
never going to directly get into th right.
They're only going to go via Hu, no.
So once he's there in Hu.
Hmm.
But The thing is, there are two.
There are two scenarios here.
One is he's in Hu.
Hmm.
And he's a registered member of Hu.
Like he's he's someone who has a profile.
Another is he goes into Hu.
He has not created any Hu profile,
but out there he's more interested in th.
OK.
So then then he has to create a fresh
profile.
Then he has to uploaded things in the
fresh profile.
Like fresh fresh registration in th.
So we are giving the options.
I know the the main priority is getting
Yeah.
patients from Hu to th and all registered
patients,
but there might also be patients who are
who have gone into the Hu landing page,
checked everything and they are not
interested in what Hu has.
To offer,
but they're certainly interested in what
th has to offer.
So they're like I'm I don't create a
profile for, you know,
Hui want to explore through th get into
their portal and have a profile there.
So because this might also be the
scenario unless you're telling from the
company itself they they give a
disclaimer that you cannot.
Avail th services if you are not a member
of Hu.
Yeah, I thought.
But but, but that is not.
But I think Richard Dane,
We need to give that node to them.
you guys should tell us like that doesn't
sound like a good thing for patients,
No, no, I don't think that is not right.
right?
Yeah, that's not right.
I mean, if they don't, don't want it to,
then they shouldn't.
Like we are not, we can't.
So we have to keep the options open.
Ideal in a ideal scenario, yes,
a patient comes.
Yeah.
He's an Hu member.
He jumps into th gives his.
I don't know some member code or some
some kind of recognizing factor like his
mobile number and automatically you know
he supported but there might be other
people who don't want to go through Hu.
They're like I'm only I'm only concerned
about th.
And it the point comes here is like there.
There is no point of merging it, right,
but not into like maybe in the back end
it's merging.
See the merge copy out there.
Are there are very few places where the
merge thing actually shows for example.
But to the user, it'll be only one.
This is the profile page of Hu doctor Nah.
Right out here, there is a section.
Hmm.
Can you see below the consultation slot
treatment hospital? Me.
Mm hmm.
He's an active member.
He's doctor Sandeep.
Nayak is also a registered member of
Medicare Hospital,
which is situated in India.
Hmm.
This is the basically the inquire now so
and then in Hua Dr.
list here in there also there might be th
tags.
So we are kind of giving the patients a
sort of glimpse OK this this doctor that
you're seeing out here he's also a
treatment hospital Reg.
Member and from everywhere we can.
So if I I don't know now you guys can
tell that like if I suppose here or
something it takes him to the th doctor
profile.
From where he can, you know,
jump into his treatment.
From the 18 oh,
where there certain teach registered
member.
On.
So this is this is actually the doctor
profile page of Hu Health unwired.
Mm hmm. Yeah, no, I got it.
But because.
So you're saying how when he go on to
that,
like from this page registered Member tab
like making one that?
So I was just thinking like registered
member.
This becomes a yeah clickable thing where
all the all the doctor profiles that have
Yeah, that's what I'm asking. OK.
A tag of TH member.
Yeah. So if I click,
it directly takes him to his pH doctor
Mm hmm.
profile.
OK.
And then I think the consultation wise
you guys raised a correct point.
I mean the confusion of the so the naming
has to be different.
We can't call it.
Call it the exact same thing as booking a
consultation for Hu. For this,
Yeah.
Yes.
we have to call it some. I'll I'll see.
Like some different name probably.
Inquire probably get an inquiry or
inquire now or something like that.
Yeah, yeah.
So this is where the merged elements a
plate.
And also under the sword.
Yeah. Question. So before this,
we were discussing like which I was
Yeah. OK.
mentioning right,
like the estimated amount like for the
treatment that we need to show for all
the doctors.
So are we showing like categories for for
this particular treatment?
Category wise no.
That's what. That's what Richa said.
Now,
like if there are specific specialties.
I mean that is fine, Anna.
But don't do thing like,
it's an important thing and it should be
like shown on like on the top of the
profile showing this the ratings and
The thing is, how are you gonna pinpoint?
everything. What's this?
See, when it comes, doctors are settled.
I mean,
there are doctors who specialize in only
one thing, like all the data,
every single treatment that a doctor does.
If you put it on a list and then along
with their price range it,
Yeah.
it becomes kind of gingy.
Now already there's a lot of information
going on out here.
Mm hmm.
Like or or we can do something OK which
is which I don't like. Technically,
whether it's feasible or not,
where if our patient is searching through
a specific like he he cares about kidney
related, his issues are with kidneys.
So if he's searching through kidneys and
all and.
When he gets into a certain profile or a
page or whatever,
because he asserts with kidney,
we like give him.
A tag or something or banner where it it
kind of a popup or something which shows
key treatment at this place is cheaper
compared to treatment at us for this
kidneyrelated ailments because this is
how the US ranges.
This is how the Indian Ranges or
something like that.
So in that case, what happens?
The information only shows if the person
is searching through a specific thing,
because how will we anticipate exactly
what?
Or we have to give this statistic or
because or else the alternative is we
I think this is a good idea.
We can do this.
This this can be done.
have to give this statistic for each and
every specialty and each and every
treatment which becomes kind of, you know,
impossible.
Yeah.
I mean it's possible,
but that's like a giant data dump because
from my examples you're seeing like what,
6 specialties.
Some doctors might have more.
Well.
Some doctors might have less and and can
really anticipate in this situation, so.
I mean,
we don't really have to mention the
Open phone book.
comparison price and balance,
but the price that the doctor is offering
that we can show,
I mean if that patient is particularly
So if he.
searching for that treatment.
As a patient, as a patient,
I jump into a doctor's profile.
I I see this doctor is good at this
specific treatment and because I've
searched with that treatment,
that keyword or something,
Mm hmm.
I get a pop up or a for temporary banner
which comes on top saying key because you
Yeah.
search for this doctor this doctor's
treatment is cheaper than.
What you would have got in us or UK or
whatever first world country example.
So only based on that we can give.
So he gets the so the end end result is
what end result is patient coming to know
OK.
that yes the the option that I am picking
is is much more affordable than what it
is normally in my country.
So we can do something like that.
OK.
So not sure about the comparison thing
though.
On.
I mean,
this is important that we mentioned what
prizings we I mean amounts we earn.
Yes, it's a. It's a great idea to,
you know, that comparison thing.
Yeah. OK.
It kind of, yeah. It slipped my head.
Where you you you give the reasoning,
the justification,
because in the end it all comes down to
price,
Thank you.
only their own whole reason person is
coming here is other than having a good
access to doctor is also the price.
Yeah, it makes sense.
So yeah. Understood. Understood. So.
Yeah, that's the logins I think.
So what?
We are keeping it separate, right?
Like there is a provision for existing
members to jump easily, but we are.
We are also keeping fresh logins for
people who are who don't want to be
OK.
associated with Hu, but rather with th.
So see,
The thing is just about keeping options
open 'cause you never know like how
exactly patients would respond.
In terms of what they need.
So,
because we cannot anticipate that we keep
these options open.
Let that be in a separate lock,
and if he wants to enter through TH OK
Help.
Note.
fine. He gets a link, he enters.
OK, Arnab, I have one question so.
For now,
for shelter if that is feasible for you
Battle.
that you know,
we can keep it separate and if needed,
we might have to provide a unique code
for the patients as well.
So it will be easier for you guys also or
or if without that if it's a unique code
Unicode would help, huh?
would help like for the doctors we have,
we should have for the patient also I
Uni.
mean.
Unicode would help for the patient in
those places where where we don't want
them to go through the hassle of
registering again.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what I'm saying.
And it works for both experts and
patients.
I understand time dating.
We can definitely do that.
If a patient gives his Hu member code TK
URL, you're already there in our database.
Replay.
Welcome to th.
Yes, exactly.
And and actually the same thing is being
followed by the doctors.
If there is a unique code,
they get access into th faster.
Yeah.
I don't know Faisal.
Left or something. Rachel.
Not there on the call, it seems like.
Yeah, HR texted him,
which has texted the group that I need to
jump for in the call.
Call. Hey,
everyone else knows what is going on.
OK.
Yeah.
That's OK.
When she has seen most of the things,
so maybe you can share the link.
So we'll discuss internally with that and
I'll share the links.
also OK.
Obviously this needs more,
much more discussions.
We are just we looked at it for for the
first time and so many conclusions are
No, but The thing is. See for for and you,
Tanya,
there.
this has been seen by Arpan and verified
the doubts which you're having.
OK, OK.
Yeah,
few few corrections like that comparison
Yeah. Well, you see those things, yeah.
thing and all correct.
But the main flow is.
Yeah, these things.
So I have also seen this flow thing like
you know a few things that I noticed and
I thought this means attention.
These flow is already like confirmed like.
So yeah, this whole thing is fine.
Yeah, I also seen this before. Yeah, yeah.
We have our favorites.
We have our profile settings. Yeah,
and what I wanted to actually show you
guys today was this thing that is the
more.
And that is what Shankar's team will also
be prioritizing on prioritizing on.
First, that is the merged.
OK.
So Shankar, Faisal,
you had something which questions that?
And so I was just asking if the patient
will register in the DH,
will he be able to access the Hu?
Hmm.
Not unless he registers himself into Hu,
right?
Th maybe to a unique pitch.
We can also give the same thing, Arnab,
that on if someone has just registered on
th, then we can have an option.
From there you can go to Hu like they
should know that we just like.
Hu And then th maybe like member code.
So at that time,
see right now what we are planning is
like just a minute.
So right now what we are planning is like
having a unique code, right?
So when we create a a user in the th
having some unique code then only we can
Mm hmm.
import it.
Then he right if the Unicode will be only
Yeah.
once and how can we have it?
There will be two unique codes on
respective applications we can.
Hey, Shankar,
I got I got th may suppose he did not
create anything in Hu, right?
Mm hmm mm hmm.
He created something in th.
So th the code that th gives would also
be compatible with Hu, right?
That's ideally how it should be, no?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, yeah,
that's what I was trying to say.
OK.
And in the same way to say that is also
compatible with both the both the code
What should we?
generation things are compatible with
both the platforms.
No.
Can you like can something like this be
done?
You want getting things can like.
I'm not getting clear on this,
so kind of can just.
So so see The thing is th Hu.
He creates profile whenever a person
creates a profile or registers themselves.
Yeah.
They are.
They are assigned a member code on the Hu
right, like they're given a member code.
On the Hu, OK.
For example,
like you're saying you don't have member
codes right now, right?
But in a scenario where you do have
patient profile,
create care member code was generated.
He has a member code now if he forgot,
forgets his member code,
Hmm.
he can see it in his profile set profile
settings section pair.
Yeah.
Now that member code,
once he gets into th,
if he gives that member code again.
It syncs his profile because yes,
the th has recognized because they're
both part of the same main database.
Probably so then recognized it and and so
this thing would also happen vice versa
Mm hmm.
Thank you for calling.
for th he I go into th I haven't created
anything in Hu.
I go into th the moment I create a th
profile. I given a member code.
Mm hmm.
Of what?
But that no,
it'll be give a different kind of it it.
Like whether we are same member code for
which we give it to.
Give us certain alpha numeric designation
to it.
No, like so that it it applies to both.
So basically the codes are coming from
See.
the same place.
What? What?
My question is like see when we have a
e-mail ID which is unique.
OK let's say let's take it as a e-mail as
a member code OK which will be same OK
when he log in yrth the e-mail is
registered in.
If it is registered in TH OK.
Then he can directly import in Hu OK,
because we have a unique e-mail address
that will be same for both application
even if he's coming from Hu to th.
Why I emailed we can do it but when we.
Oh,
so you're saying no need for no need for
code emails it was.
No need for e-mail.
E-mail is more than enough.
e-mail can be done more than enough
e-mail because somehow the credentials
remain same in both applications.
Right.
If the name is registered as a Shankar in
Hu,
the same name will be registered in TH.
Right.
I can't change my name in th the same
ways if the e-mail is registered once,
we can be used in both applications.
No need of creating a member new member
code and it will make. Yeah,
Ah, I I mean that also works, right?
it will make easier because when we
create from th then we have to keep a
member code which is similar to Hu.
Let's say HU01 is when the user
registered in health unwired,
it comes as member will come as Hu but.
Hmm.
When he creates from th same member code
will not be generated.
It might come like th .01,
so here member code conflict will come.
A church.
Instead of that we can have an e-mail ID
as a unique code.
We can import the details from here and
then vice versa with both applications.
That's what what the Zomato and district,
which comes under the same organization,
OK.
Huh.
does the same thing.
When you register to the districts.
You can see that when you give an e-mail
ID or a phone number, they gonna evaluate,
evaluate with that thing and then import
the profile.
Here they does the same thing.
So then e-mail ID is a good thing to go
with, right?
Yeah, e-mail address more than now.
As As for then that's it.
No. Then Hogan, if his e-mail ID.
Yeah.
So, Shankar,
are you suggesting the same for the
doctors or just the patients?
We can do it.
We can do it the same thing for, you know,
doctors.
Doctors. But I think we can remove it.
No, code is fine.
Yeah, that's what.
One or the other day we can have it a
code.
Health unwired member code OK.
We we are not sure,
see right now in the doctor thing.
Thank you.
We are not registering the doctor via pH.
Are we doing that or not?
We are registering Dr. via this,
so see this is what phase one is
according to.
No, no.
So what I'm asking is like the doctor
will come only from Hu.
There is no way that doctor cannot.
Yes, yes. No.
Not now.
Come from th.
It's not forever.
For now, yes,
there is no way a doctor can come through
th he only.
Then let's keep it simple.
Then let's keep it simple then.
But that is only but,
but that is only for now.
We have to be prepared key in the future.
Doctors would be able to come separately
Hmm. Hmm. Right.
into th.
Yeah, yeah. Even if if the if the case,
then we can have a have a e-mail ID as a
thing and we can have it.
The details here and then this will works
easier for us as well and to keep it
Vinay, you know smaller thing we can.
See right now right now the flow of a
doctor is like this.
Have to e-mail it is.
He's into his cancer.
Sorry, health, unwired, dance, rout.
And he gets this.
Add your hospital thing right?
Based on that, his journey starts.
So where he registers himself full name,
health, unwired,
member code or something like that,
and he can either log in now and directly
Hmm.
go to his dashboard because.
He, like I don't know.
He wants to come as a separate doctor.
Into it or he wants to continue the
registration.
This is where he adds his hospital.
Mm hmm. Correct. Correct.
So the thing here is like.
So based on that.
So so can you?
Can you go to that page again?
Registration page please.
Yeah,
so here you have mentioned that continue
registration and login,
so this this expert is already registered.
I know. Yeah, yeah,
I know this part is already there.
Again, I'm just keeping this.
Probably he will just go into the login
part which is this page, right?
Yes, not even log in.
I think he should not be.
Or he'll be logged in.
Yeah, directly into the application.
At your hospital, Sir.
Directly at your hospital can process
through.
I'm keeping these pages separate.
No, no. Even if it is there,
it has to go through from login itself.
This is what we will keep it things OK.
I will make sure that how it has to come.
I can I can explain on that but yeah
process will be from if it is already
I also had something like this in mind,
but I don't know whether this makes sense.
logged.
It doesn't make sense, I feel.
Mm hmm.
We are not keeping things two separate,
right?
Because I thought at one point of time,
if he if a doctor for only for doctor not,
Mm hmm.
this is not applicable to patients and
all only for doctors like when they log
Pardon.
out and all the next time they get into
the first they get this page so whether.
OK.
Irrespective irrespective domain is like
You want to log in to.
treatment or hospital or it might be a
health unwired.
Help.
So this page will be the long page.
This from here I can go to my respective
login.
OK.
So you guys can decide where you guys
wanna put this or not have this at all?
That's your guys decision functionality
wise. So yeah.
Mm hmm.
That one we can see that later.
Considering that these two processes are
not needed.
So when when that when that page will
come?
Yep, it's missus ha.
So you're saying I love that first?
Hmm.
The doctor's log, I mean,
gets on this platform,
so he will see this screen first.
That is,
that is already when a doctor has both
profiles,
like he's a he's a Doctor Who has
OK. OK. OK.
treatment or hospital profile,
and he has a health unwired profile also.
Then I I think then in that case this
makes sense.
So next time,
like and after he's a part of both places,
if he has logged out and all and
everything, and next time he goes,
Yeah, yeah.
he's greeted with this screen first.
Mm hmm. Oh, OK, that is just make sense.
Treatment janaya help me.
See whenever, say this,
there is a catch in this.
Whenever the user logs in, see.
Either we need to show it one,
either we keep it this or keep it,
whichever we have it in the health unwant.
I've kept it for so that you guys can
decide on the functionality wise.
So we can't. Yeah.
Which one is easier?
You wanna go via this?
Yeah.
See user wise man this this is very
simplistic. Even as a doctor I know. OK,
Mm hmm.
With.
I wanna go to this platform.
Now if you can eliminate this section and
make that process easier,
you can do that also.
What do you guys have to?
See my my suggestion would be let's keep
it this login so that even if there is a
new Doctor,
we'll get to know about the th so he can
Yeah.
go through the process.
So whatever the earlier lock in is there,
we can take it out this and keep it this
as a constant.
Yetin.
But Shankar?
Oh, no, no, Shankar.
But if there's a new Doctor,
he won't be seeing this screen, right?
Only those doctors can see who have both
the profiles. So.
That's what see in what happens with
login is like whenever we have the
They both clear.
accounts on two things,
two platforms like th and Hu,
we can't identify the doctor that we
wanted to show this page to the user.
Let's say I'm a doctor.
I have an account in only health unwired.
While in the domain we can't show that
Yeah.
whenever the user logins with the doctor
let's say.
You know, he has that word.
com when when he tried to put that expert.
healthunver.
com the first thing it will see whether
he's logged in or not when he's not
logged in,
it will take to the login page when he
has both account.
We can't differentiate that to navigate
to this login page,
whichever is like both th and this will
become conflicts and which is quite
notable.
I can do research on that, but yeah,
it's not doable cause of my knowledge
right?
Section option optional here.
Yeah.
This is optional.
Now you guys decide based on your,
you know feasibility whether you want
Yeah.
these sections or not other.
And what is the screen?
This doctor register where it's written.
No, no, no.
Yeah, flow, this is,
this is where the doctor adds this.
Which one?
You're talking about this flow, right?
OK. OK. OK.
Yeah, just below this.
Yeah. Doctor, Register one. OK.
So this is basically doctor registering
their hospitals because as Arpan said
again we have to,
we have to always make sure that the main
OK. OK. OK.
Go on. OK, babe? Yeah.
requirement is being fulfilled.
That is doctors do not come into
treatment at hospital without an hospital.
Yeah, I'll just.
I can't.
I can't just create a doctor profile
inside inside treatment hospital.
No hospital creates the doctor profile,
so I add a hospital.
This is where this is again.
This is the,
you know subscription part which arpanas
talking about.
But let's consider I took premium support.
OK.
So this is this is a thing.
So there are two flows out here.
I'll go through both.
So I'm trying to make this as simple as
possible. What?
Mone.
Arnab.
Arnab,
I think we can go with this flow with
Richa as well.
So she might have some input so.
That's what I feel if we want.
I don't know.
So I don't know one thing that you shared
the whole flow for treatment dot hospital
and we'll go through this and whatever we
see like we'll let you know like what?
Now what you guys won't understand it
properly unless I I actually explain it
to you guys.
Oh. Oh, OK.
One explanation is needed on the whole
design and then later you can have some
you know,
go through and have some questions.
Then return need to have another call and
1st see the whole flow.
Yeah, and.
Without interrupting that we should have
this or that because that's like the way
I knew.
I knew this this discussion.
This discussion is never gonna be
our discussion.
finished within one within one call.
Yeah, it.
One call it never gonna happen.
Yeah.
It's a series of calls which will happen,
but The thing is I am also might not be
It's a series of call.
Yeah, obviously.
Yeah. This. Yeah.
This the problem with Richard's
Yeah.
availability.
available this week.
I might not be available now,
then not anymore. But say next Monday.
OK.
But we will fix 1 timing so that we've
stick to that, yeah.
I mean.
At least you shared it with me, Arnab.
So I can go through because I have seen
Oh no, I'll share everything.
I'll share everything.
most of the things. Yeah. Yeah.
I'll I'll share everything now only,
but I'm saying for a call for a because
OK.
these calls normally stretch a lot, right?
Yeah. OK.
Yeah.
So I I want to.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
I want to sit at a time where we can
actually sit for long and discuss like
5-6 o'clock time.
Andre.
Everyone is tired by that time.
Here.
Well,
I would my request to you guys is Monday
Well, I know, right?
I'm just that it's.
koi or a call,
but make sure that reach A has an ample
amount of time to sit on the call because.
Yeah, I'll have to check with her.
Remind me know.
There are certain things which needs
explanation out here. Even if I send you.
She already has that time crunch.
Because you guys need to understand this
part.
I'll confirm with her. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Take care.
So probably coming week may again we can
have a call fresh on Monday, OK.
Yeah.
OK.
'Cause I also it's OK till then.
Probably I can do some changes right
which which I had mentioned this price
range things on the speciality cards as
well as the giving the treatment records
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Try fish things.
Yeah, yeah.
of the specific doctor X number of
treatments that a person has done.
Yeah, well.
I'll do those changes also in the
meantime and probably I can.
Yeah, yeah.
I'll sit with you know Shankar,
Faisal and I'll regarding the sync part.
Oh yeah, I have the login thing in yeah.
Confusion.
Right.
So.
After that,
I think Web team would probably be
focusing on this part first,
because this is the main first module
Thank you.
that needs to be done.
The addition of a hospital,
the addition of lead contact persons,
making sure that they all get added to
the database if I am.
Yeah, yeah.
Not elite contact.
Then how do I send a link to A to the
elite contact?
This is what this process deals with.
The patient part comes very late which I
OK.
which you see out here.
The flow first is that and then second
comes the hospital admin.
Yeah.
Basically getting the database ready.
Thanks. Need to rub of her. Yeah. Yeah,
exactly.
Both sides, he says.
Matt or they call me Harris Katami
unaware.
Is that?
We had just seen the patient part time
before.
The number of so do we need to get all
the things from the doctor profile into
Oh huh. Faizal.
this, like the appointments, history,
payments and all these things?
I think in Hu,
I think we have this doctor's podcast,
blogs.
Will that also come in this th thing?
This something, Tanya,
you can ask Arpan once he blogs, blogs,
Oh yeah. But I was thinking that, yeah.
podcast,
Kobe unlock Utake language because see,
we need to keep some distinctive from
what I feel.
We need to keep some distinction between
th and Hu.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't think we should bring those
things.
It should be like completely focused on
the treatment, yeah.
Because Thu hi,
Hu Hu is a knowledge base actually other
than treatment they are they are also
considered as a knowledge base because
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
you have you have podcast blogs,
videos and everything.
Fine, yeah.
So knowledge base or knowledge base and
this is exclusively towards come to my
Yeah, yeah.
hospital and get treated.
Exactly. And so keeping it like you know,
separate also shows that, OK,
this is whole like one company only and
this is just a part of, yeah. Yeah.
Hmm,
it's a whole new portal that we we are we
In that case,
it would look like this is a whole new
are giving.
thing, and that's different.
So this needs should not mix it up.
Or else ha ha.
Open.
Another thing,
it is clear that the Doctor Who is not
there in the Hu will not be on boarded in
the th right.
Yeah, for now for now, yes.
First phase mail we a doctor comes only
with their hospital or medical
Oh.
institution or else a doctor doesn't come
into th the feed cap either.
When I was go th my doctor gave he
doesn't have a hospital that he's
connected with.
I am a patient.
I'm talking to a doctor in th.
The only reason I'm talking to the doctor
is because the doctor is part of a
specific hospital because I want to go to
that hospital one day.
Right.
That's my whole intention of talking to a
Yeah.
doctor in th.
But in Hu, though, the story is different.
No Hu, man.
I want the doctor to treat me on the call
only to treat me to give me prescription,
No, for example.
to take my medical reports.
In fact, you know,
Arthon says other company like out of
feeling cancelled.
They followed this.
Now they only.
So basically before the treatment starts,
they get on like, you know,
a consultation call kind of.
You don't call it consultation,
but basically where the doctor is trying
to understand the whole thing,
like the whole situation on on everything.
So when they plan the whole treatment so.
So that call would be like that. Yeah,
yeah, yeah.
So that is exactly what ths doctors do.
It's more the call is not so much about
the tell me about your sickness in detail
and all. It's like,
Yeah.
tell me about your sickness and come to
my place and we will do an onsite
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, exactly.
treatment of you. So we.
Have to keep few things distinct.
We have to keep.
Yeah, exactly.
Merging everything into one umbrella will
be really confusing for the patient.
That much I'm I guarantee, I'm sure.
Oh yeah, I agree.
'Cause medical, medical, tourism,
the kind of patients that we're gonna be
getting, they're a different class.
They're different demographic.
Hu patients are gonna be a lot smarter
than th patients.
Exactly. Yeah, fine.
This is just a, it's a fact.
Yeah, yeah.
Th patients the whole point.
They're coming.
They're not extremely rich,
influential people.
They are normal people who want cheaper
treatment in other countries.
So we we have to keep some things
distinct.
So when so for example.
Right then the the design and the
language,
Not everyone is not as tech savvy, right?
everything has to be like quite simple.
So much like, yeah.
Simplest in fact.
Th has to be much more simplistic
compared to Hu.
Yeah, exactly.
And yeah, I think.
Considering the kind of people that are
gonna be using this site.
Exactly.
So.
Yeah, yeah.
So one more thing.
So for example,
we have added some hospital, OK, now,
OK.
now that hospital wants to onboard their
doctors,
do we have the provision for that up?
They do it.
No henna hospital admin to add doctors,
Wala Sena Jatana.
Add Doctor popup and then doctors so this
is Medicare hospitals dashboard, right?
OK.
They have their patient management,
doctor management, treatment and services,
hospital, hospital coordinators,
financial management,
communication support, content management,
content management is basically what what
shows here for the hospital profile page.
All these photos,
these things are grabbed from that area.
So that means they will unwind the
doctors on Hu, right?
Nah. Either either.
Th hospital admin.
This is a hospital admin.
Hu does not have a hospital admin right.
They have doctor, admin, super admin.
OK.
Sorry, export admin and super admin.
Hospital will have an admin right to
manage all the things that are being
shown on the hospital profile page.
All this data treatment options.
No, this is the they will need to have.
Meta hospital.
Treatments, everything is fetched.
Yes.
All these videos,
everything is fetched from this section.
This can you see treatments and services.
I chose it from here,
Yeah, yeah.
quotation creator for the medical
coordinators to give or the hospital also
can give a quotation based on what the
customer wants.
And then hospital coordinators also.
I can keep a track of and then I.
Padnabad I think.
See for example I have added one hospital
OK,
as an expert I have added the hospital.
Now that hospital wants to onboard their
Yes.
doctors. OK.
Let me finish it.
Yes.
So where they will onboard their doctors?
Ah.
For example,
if if the same patient wants to wants to
have an appointment with another doctor
of the same hospital.
So is it mandatory for him to have the Hu?
So see The Who the patient.
You're talking about the patient?
No, no, no, no.
No, no.
I'm talking about the expert.
See what is time to release?
Like if the same hospital,
let's say 40s so 40s, has some doctor.
So for example.
Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.
OK.
So where actually they will onboard the
those doctors. For example,
if I'm a patient,
I want an appointment with the with a
different doctor in the same hospital.
OK, now.
Now I'll search in.
Search that doctor in the Hu.
Why are you searching for the doctor in
Hu?
OK.
You should search for the doctor in th.
So is it?
Is it like the TA doctors are different
than the actual doctors?
No, no. Th doctors are ex Hu.
Doctors only so, but OK, see.
I'm getting a bit confused.
Right now,
forget about the fact that individual
doctors can join th and all.
No, cannot for now.
Now it is Hu.
Doctors get into th and onboard their
hospitals.
And then become a part of their hospital.
Either they get access to the hospital
admin, or if it's a doctor.
That's why I wanted you guys to see this
process.
This process was important to understand
that part.
So basically what happens in.
Then it's better.
OK. We will discuss it later.
What happens in this process?
I'll just give you a very short brief.
It's it's not that complex.
OK.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
See The thing is in out here we decide
whether the doctor himself is the one
doing these additions.
He, the main administrator person.
So the reason this is this is happening
is because we have chain hospitals, right?
Like Apollo Doctor coming and adding his
chain hospital.
So in a chain hospital scenario,
the doctor himself does not do all the
additions of the hospital information and
all he sends a link to some administrator
and that person does it.
But there are also some smaller, smaller.
What do you call it?
Medical clinics and all.
But the doctor himself.
Only creates a profile and does
everything,
so if a doctor himself creates this
profile and all, he adds it,
he becomes the administrator of the
hospital and then after he finishes this
hospital registration things he's given.
Access this is this is a scenario where
the doctor himself is doing the admin
things. He gets access into this.
Medical Hospital this hospital admin.
And then he can add doctors out here.
Based on.
Other doctors in his clinic and all he
does not search for Doctor,
he does not search for hospitals or
specific hospital related doctors in Hu.
In Hu, we just have the tag.
For getting th services and all he gets
into th and searches.
I think it's too much.
So the onboarding Dr.
Wait, wait, wait.
So will he be able to log in the
onboarded Dr.
Directly in the th.
Ah,
he gets he gets assigned this because in
that scenario he's a small time doctor
with a clinic, so he has to do.
He'll get access to his hospital at Admin
dashboard as well as his own doctor
dashboard.
He'll get the logins too,
but in another scenario a doctor just
adds comes on to th. He adds his hospital.
Yeah, the mid chain hospital or something?
And he had some lead contact information,
then the hospital own and hospital.
Only then adds the doctor and the doctor
automatically gets added to the profile.
And like that, Hu is.
So you guys don't don't mix both,
that is why I'm constantly telling you
don't think about mixing both because you
guys are gonna get into this confusion
that.
Doctors at their hospitals. It's that's.
OK. OK. Adnan, last question,
last question.
No, you clear what? Get up. He's name.
Whoa, that's it.
So.
So now at the hospital,
admin has onboarded some doctors.
He has.
They have onboarded Dr. A.
OK.
Doctor, a health profile.
How that part we're going to handle that.
We are going to have a doctor, 10 doctors.
Nay, I'll be home.
Look, nay, allow Karen if her boling.
Work.
OK. TK, we will remember that.
Future me to future.
Me,
we have to create us because the doctor
is specially coming into th.
He's not part of Hu.
So eventually there will be a fine day
when Hu.
Th doctors will come separately.
They will not come via Hu or something
like that, right?
What happens then is the thing.
Right now.
OK.
I got it.
Right now, yes, you're correct.
Like we cannot do that because there's a
block, right?
We cannot have doctor profile separately.
We are syncing no.
Then then why we are adding the doctors
in the hospital if we if the patient
cannot go to his profile or if he cannot?
No, he can't go.
No,
like he's he's he's already a part of Hu,
Log in to profile.
right?
He's the that profile gets synced into th.
And the relevant fields you know fill up.
OK, OK. So that means in short,
he can only add the doctor.
So he can.
The admin can only onboard the doctors
that that already has an account with Dhu.
Yeah, for now, yes.
Yeah, for now. Yes,
that is the main thing for now.
So OK, OK.
We cannot add other externally.
OK.
Now who knows?
Arpan might take a call on that.
But we any which ways.
There are designs for both.
Yes,
he will have to take the call on that.
Both scenario that that call I can't take.
Yeah, yeah.
Whether you're doing it like that as see
from what I'm thinking,
OK.
based on our discussions also,
we have to keep things a little separate.
There's too much syncing is causing
confusion.
I think only the login part and the and
then the back end.
I think there will be, there will be.
The database should be like you know,
not different to has to be same.
A.
I.
I mean, I I don't have to be separate.
That's all.
Yeah, appajit, nevi doctors. Sublog,
H UK partial.
Think of it in that way.
Everyone all of them are part of Hu
already.
For now,
but we can't sustain this in the long
term.
We have to keep registrations open for
both to come separately.
Also 'cause just like patient's,
they will.
They might also be doctors who are like,
I don't want to be a part of.
Yeah, exactly.
Hui want to be a part of TH.
So at that point of time,
you can't just turn them away.
You're losing a customer then.
Exactly.
So we can't decide right now.
That is a business decision. Again,
our prone has to take that call.
Orca. Anything else?
OK.
Hey, Dania, you can.
I'm good for this call from now.
You can write these points like whatever
you have mentioned that arpan will take a
Yeah.
call so you can send these points to
Arvind or you can discuss with him once
Yeah, yeah. For now,
I think mainly that was there.
please.
See Arpan's main thing was he wanted to
merge everything, but then.
Probably.
And then we can discuss with him.
You, you,
you guys have to tell artanki everything.
Merging is gonna be a little confusing.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Mm hmm.
He wanted to merge everything he that's
what he also told me.
Like,
why do we need to have treatment hospital
separately like that?
But yes,
we can merge few things like I showed
there are certain places we can show some
merged information.
Mm hmm.
There's part of Medicare hospital.
But then everywhere,
especially when it comes to the admins
and all,
how are you gonna handle those things?
It's gonna become really complicated.
So whatever things.
No,
we obviously after this discussion seems
like it's very much clear that we can't
merge everything.
We can't merge everything.
Yeah.
Especially when it comes to, you know,
patients and also getting confused of
what he's going with.
If every UI everything looks the same,
Yeah.
then they're they're never gonna realize
that they are another portal now.
No.
And Arnab, one more thing,
make sure Key will add any extra thing in
Ah.
the th for the user or for the export
profile.
I.
I I didn't.
Abhi Abhi Agar expert and things in Abhi
10.7.
Hmm.
You will not add 11 points here in DTH.
We profile many jovianna.
It can.
Harder. If later we can add them, yeah.
Navigation navigation Wiz.
Any navigation was.
The firkis.
Navigation was navigation wise KB or the
profile name has second name last name.
Could you, for example,
if if not there in the Hu you will not
add it in the th as well?
Aja, aja th.
What's capital file najobi?
Khalid account th because th does not
have much things like Hu Hu has too many
things because they deal with a lot of
your podcast and then all his content
content upload and all.
But those things are generally not there
that much for Doctor Dashboard inside th
the.
Hospital dashboard needs is very,
you know it has a lot of things,
but the doctor dashboard of pH will not
have much things other than getting some.
Information of giving him the ability to
jump to Hu dashboard or letting us know
what is linked hospital is whether he
want to.
He wants to change that linked hospital.
He's not part of the hospital anymore,
so D link or something for those things,
there will be some differences.
It can't be the exact same right pesal.
Yes, yes. Yeah, yeah, that's it, see.
What about this changes over?
But yeah,
I understand what you're trying to say
also.
See,
we are merging the data from Hu to th
right not th Hu.
For you guys, like if you want me,
I can merge the Doctor dashboard of like
th like the dashboard would have th stuff
Hu stuff and everything.
But that is like kind of a nightmare,
right?
Again, in that case,
it yeah for the doctor, if you want,
would be really difficult to manage if
you can point was to keep it separate and
simple for the doctors.
I we can also do one thing like in the Hu
Doctor dashboard we have like 2 section
side for the main the dashboard part we
can have one more section like yeah.
Tishra tishra section.
For for th you know for.
When I say I'm I want to merge,
I'm talking about that merging only,
like adding another tab.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
How do you we should do that too?
Only we can't merge everything.
Tab maybe?
The tab is different,
but inside the tab only I have to put all
these navigations then tab key under
subtabogha subtab key under appointments
Mm hmm.
and separate patients list.
Shankar,
you guys have to tell whether that is
feasible or no need separate drug there.
No, no, we'll keep it separate again.
Whole thing's merging.
We'll create a complex because in the in
what we created, right?
Yeah.
We have created in a structure ways in by
coding as well.
When we merge it right it will be you
know too much messy things will happen
there and then things will not go
according to our plan.
So it seems to be simple,
but when it comes to an action.
Hmm.
Though things are like quite, you know,
complex and also makes too much confusion
for doctor to have it and for the user
like who are is going through this
application.
OK.
I think, Tanya,
you can do one thing like within this
Yeah.
time till before our next call.
Get the get these few points like from
like.
Help.
Hu Only Hu, doctors only come to th.
Yeah.
I know that's what he told me.
But like everyone should be on the same
page on this.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Doctors do not create profiles on th
doctors,
do not create profiles on th like
separately.
Hu Doctors are the only ones who can go
to th that condition.
Mm hmm.
And also the elements cannot create the
new profiles.
Yeah,
I was trying try to have a proper
discussion on this like on everything.
Admins do not add for now, phase one may.
Admins do not add fresh doctor profiles,
they add existing doctor profiles.
Yes.
So via via member via member codes are
not recognized.
Yeah.
Doctor Profile found. Add doctor.
That's it for now. For now.
If he wants to add the new fresh doctor,
he has to create the profile in the Hu
Yeah.
and then he can add it.
Hey,
two unfortunately unfortunately this
I need.
problem will be there in the beginning.
The people want to have th profiles.
Hmm.
They have to go via Hu.
Is arpan planning in the future to have
separate doctors separate hospitals?
Not via Hu thing is that part of the plan
that you need to you need to get it sure
That all you have to discuss with him.
Yeah, yeah. Yes, I will have a discussion,
Anna. Yeah.
from arpan that part key or is he gonna
be like you and Richa and then or or is
he planning key?
If that is the case, then yes.
Well then eventually we'll have to keep
it separate.
Because you know also,
as a Doctor Who you would not want to
write this service like we do
consultation in anything.
They just want for the treatment.
Doctor.
Yeah,
we'll have to keep that option open for
From my understanding,
I like to keep options open 'cause I know
that.
Yeah, exactly.
if I design in a certain restrictive
manner I'll be stuck there only then
Exactly what time?
later on when options time comes,
I won't be able to, you know,
change things much right now designs I
have that are pretty.
Open-ended like I know there are things I
can add in between here and there.
Yeah.
Design is still open-ended in this in
this way.
Ar.
But still these few clarifications if the
if it's there then I think there won't
any confusion anymore with an all the
team.
I will.
I will clear everything with.
Hmm.
Been going through a lot of things so I
don't know if he's going to be available,
I know.
but I will try if possible.
I mean, it's OK.
This call was needed.
We got some clarity I also.
Other than that,
whatever we discussed regarding like that
Richard suggested,
you can start working on those things
Yeah, yeah, I'll, I'll,
I'll do those things that will do.
that will that you obviously need.
Yeah, yeah, for now.
I'll do that and I'll also work on in on
streamlining.
And internally, Shankar and Faisal.
Yeah,
you guys can check like the technicality
wise, you know what is more feasible.
Yeah, the login part and everything.
I'll suggest to you to.
So you can suggest we'll go with your
suggestion only and I'm there because.
So Daniel suggest you to ask Arvind to
directly, you know,
come into the call so that we can clear
up those things.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying, Fez.
He has not been available much lately,
so I'll try.
Yeah.
No, no point is right now.
He's he's dealing with stuff, man.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, exactly.
We can't just let's haves the questions.
Let's have the questions with proper
change is ready.
Then we'll then we'll include arpan.
Now 'cause.
He has seen these multiple times.
Yeah. Yeah, obviously.
He's gonna shout at me.
Only later on there was so much.
No, no. Yeah, obviously.
I'll just clear the Dows and we'll go
ahead with those things.
'Cause I want to go to arpan next only
when we have proper clarity on what
exactly we're doing in terms of this in
terms of the syncing part,
Yeah.
not the other parts,
the syncing and jumping,
Yeah, yeah.
porting profile part, OK.
Yeah.
OK. Then I guess I'm I'm sorted for now.
You don't have any question.
I'll go to the designs and you might have.
I'll I'll send you the designs also and
this link also you guys can go through it
No. Yeah.
and in the meantime I'll also get on the
changes which I mentioned those few few
Sure.
parts.
OK then.
Anything else guys?
I'm good for anything else, team.
Any questions?
No, nothing from my side.
Starting with Doctor Katie.
Find them.
OK.
OK then.
Thanks. Thanks for joining Daish.
Thank you, Leon.
Bye bye.
Alright, thank everyone.
OK.
Thank you.